ref CONTRIBUTING.md to the leapp landing page (#507)
oamg/leapp-repository: CONTRIBUTING.md

> Please refer to the
> [Contribution guidelines](https://leapp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributing.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [contribution guidelines](https://leapp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributing.html).
```
Sorry for bugging you. I'd follow https://github.com/oamg/leapp-repository/pull/507#discussion_r436635610.

Author: Feel free:)

Author: oh did it second time not properly:) One more commit with `see the`

> Contribution documentation can be found in:
> [Contribution guidelines](https://leapp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributing.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the [contribution guidelines](https://leapp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributing.html).
```

Reviewer: @lspackova, is this similar to how you would put it? :)

Author: Applied the change

Reviewer 2: > @lspackova, is this similar to how you would put it? :)

@bocekm As a technical writer, I would omit "please" and s/refer/see/ because (for some reason that I never understood, we shouldn't use "refer"... I use it only with multiple references when I try to avoid repetition). As a human being, I don't have any objections to your wording :-)
